Test for all functionalities related to `flashcards` tested on August 4, 2025 | 5:18pm

## TLDR:
✅ Most core flashcard features are already implemented and functioning as expected.

✅ Flashcard Review (LF004): Cards flip within the required 0.8s interaction time.

✋ ***Suggestion***: Consider adding keyboard controls (e.g., spacebar to flip, arrow keys to navigate).

⭕ **Unimplemented Feature**: Flashcard set sharing via “more options” is not yet available.

---

## Code: LF004
- **Description:** User can review flashcards. When a user clicks on the card component, the UI must respond with a flip in no more than 0.8s.
- **Status:** PASSED
- **Error Encountered:** None
- **Feedback:** It might be nice to support keyboard controls too, like using the arrow keys to go through terms and the spacebar to flip the card.

## Code: LF007
- **Description:** User can edit the existing flashcard created manually
- **Status:** PASSED
- **Error Encountered:** None
- **Feedback:** Editing manually created flashcards are working as expected.
- **Network Log**
    **Action Performed:** 

    **Results**

    ```
    name: update

    status: 200

    type: xhr

    response: {
    "id": "5a583d94-6886-458d-b778-fe5bd5a916aa",
    "user_id": "1026426f-8923-4060-b7a6-2b78b4ef8e7e",
    "title": "asawasd",
    "description": "sasdwaz",
    "flashcards": [
        {
            "back": "asda1asd",
            "front": "qweq1"
        },
        {
            "back": "asdasdasd",
            "front": "dasdasdqwq"
        },
        {
            "back": "hahahaah",
            "front": "hehehe"
        },
        {
            "back": "oh?",
            "front": "ha"
        }
    ],
    "is_public": false,
    "created_at": "2025-08-04T09:24:47.745Z",
    "updated_at": "2025-08-04T09:24:47.745Z",
    "is_ai_generated": false
    } 

    size: 0.5kb

    time: 111ms

    ```

## Code: LF008
- **Description:** User can edit the existing flashcard created from AI generation
- **Status:** PASSED
- **Error Encountered:** None
- **Feedback:** The update process is smooth

## Code: LF009 - NOT YET IMPLEMENTED
- **Description:** User can share a flashcard set either from Flashcard Set Card or from Flashcard Page, through "more options"
- **Status:** ??
- **Error Encountered:** ??
- **Feedback:** ??
